feat: create publishable @prefer-jsr/sync-jsr-json package (#25)
prefer-jsr/prefer-jsr: packages/syncJsrJson/README.md

# @prefer-jsr/syncJsrJson

> Sync jsr.json versions with package.json versions in monorepos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sync jsr.json versions with package.json versions in packages publishing to both JSR and NPM.
```

## Overview

> This package provides a utility function to automatically synchronize version numbers between `package.json` and `jsr.json` files in a package. It's particularly useful in release workflows to ensure that JSR package import versions stay in sync with npm package dependency versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package provides a utility function to automatically synchronize version numbers between `package.json` and `jsr.json` files in a package. It's particularly useful in release workflows to ensure that JSR package import versions stay in sync with npm registry package dependency versions.
```

## Features

- ✅ Syncs main package version from `package.json` to `jsr.json`
- ✅ Syncs JSR dependency import versions in `jsr.json` to match local package versions
- ✅ Supports dry-run mode for testing
- ✅ Provides detailed sync results
- ✅ Handles missing files gracefully

> ## Installation

Reviewer: Replace this installation section with one like the other project’s READMEs.
